Update troubleshooting guide step to mention max log list entries update requirement (#1822)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-code/semgrep-scan-troubleshooting.md

If a Semgrep scan is failing or running slowly, try the following steps to investigate:

1. [Update Semgrep](/docs/update) to the latest version, if you are not currently running the latest version. Some errors result from an older version of Semgrep being used with newer rules.

> 2. Re-run the scan with either the `-v`/`--verbose` or `--debug` (extremely verbose) flags. These options provide more information about what is failing. Keep in mind, to get the desired output, you will also likely have to set `--max-log-list-entries` to `0` (or any negative value) as it is set to a max of `100` by default and you may have more entries in your log output than that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Re-run the scan with either the `-v`/`--verbose` or `--debug` (extremely verbose) flags. These options provide more information about what is failing. 
  * When using verbose logs, also set `--max-log-list-entries` to `0` or any negative value to see the full output; otherwise lists of rules and files suppressed if there are more than 100 entries in the list.
```

Reviewer 2: Missing a word in the suggestion?
> ...lists of rules and files **are** suppressed...
